{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7460\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bjorn: I will surely reach Amaq?\
Jihadist: wa antum fa jazakumullahu khairan,insha Allah akhi\
Jihadist: ahi,if that account is made on ur number,delete it ok\
Jihadist: contact this account on wickr [\'85]\
Jihadist: Akhi,if you are planning on doing something,I suggest communicating with me here and not using Telegram. Abu Abdullah also suggests that you destroy your phone\'92s SIM card.\
Jihadist: Okay. please be very careful,take precautions,and be quick to operate. The more time you take the more chances there are for failure. May Allah guide your steps and make you successful in this life and the Akhirah.\
Bjorn: Inshallah. Please include me in your Dua. Jazakallah khair.\
Jihadist: Ok. remember,don\'92t plan too much. I mean,once the basic idea is made,the important thing is that you put your trust in Allah and go forth in His cause. Your video,if sent to me,will reach exactly where it needs to go. If it is already ready,send it now so that you don\'92t have to worry about that later.\
Bjorn: Walayakum salam,I received your message. I have not gone forward as I need one component that I could not get easily.\
Jhadist: Okay,just please be careful since the arrests in Germany are increasing.\
Jihadist: Advice: Don\'92t mention \'93I am doing this because you are attacking us\'94 or \'93If you stop,we will stop\'94 etc. It is better to be more forceful. For example, \'93I am doing this because the Khalifah commanded me to attack the Crusaders and their citizens,etc.\'94 Of course,you can mention something like \'93You think you can attack Muslims and you will be left untouched? The Muslims are one body,etc.\'94 But the whole idea that this is a purely political war is wrong\'85 we kill them because we are ordered to by Allah\'85 not just because they attack us. The only way out fort them is to pay the jizyah or convert.\
Jihadist: Okay,we have translators who will translate from German to Arabic and English as soon as we get your video.}